First of all, the main objective of the robot is to get specific information that is correlated to specific items. In order to get the specific information , first the user/client will need to insert manually the desired item/items  (for this example , the desired item was an item that can be found on an online shopping site) after that the user/client need to select from a list that contains various websites( for this example the sites were online shopping sites)( the chosen one/ones will be used to search for the desired items that were inserted in the previous step ) . 
After the 2 inputs everything will be automated and there will be no inputs from the user/client, the robot will start to access the site/sites and search for the item/items . When they arrive at the desired information , the robots will scan for the desired specific information ( for this robot , the name of the products and their URL were considered as specific information )  and will start scrapping it into an internal table. The internal table then will be converted into an Excel file  that will be automatically sent through email ( in this example outlook mail was used )  to a specific email address. In the end, a text box will appear to inform the user/client that the process has ended successfully. 
The robot can be easily modified for each client in order to use websites that are specific for each client and the same is applied for the desired specific information.
This kind of automation is mainly targeted to enterprises in the economic sector ( ex: financial audit firms  , banks , etc.) because of the tiresome action of searching for something on websites and copy pasting some information to an Excel that will be forwarded to another department. Every client that opted to have a similar kind of automation had an increase in productivity that helped them in focusing on the more important activities that do not need repetitive actions.  

The main reason for developing this RPA  was to ease my search for various gadgets on different online stores during Black Friday.
